# 13th January 2026

#### Agenda

1. [Hard fork naming info action](https://adastat.net/governances/8845bfc37bb2f69e8f200fe28148b3dea3c4399b0c49ee0ed2bb4e349cab9eb700)
2. [Haskell node readiness](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases)
3. Feedback on the [proposed hard fork changes](https://intersectmbo.org/news/proposed-intra-era-hard-fork-to-protocol-version-11)
   1. [Readiness list](../intra-era-hard-fork-readiness.md) and [Submission criteria](../../overview/hardfork-initation-submission-policy.md)
4. Parameter Committee review
5. Node diversity
6. Governance actions timeline

#### Key materials

* [Recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GtbOxGS8V4kGPsjtH4XYvUThPsze_1Yw)
* [Chat](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GtbOxGS8V4kGPsjtH4XYvUThPsze_1Yw)
* [Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rbb5VzJyD1hv0RosEupC00WHwOVLIJ2bdiIEAx6Rojo/edit?tab=t.0)
  * [Summary and action items](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rbb5VzJyD1hv0RosEupC00WHwOVLIJ2bdiIEAx6Rojo/edit?tab=t.xq3uu2f2plp) (generated by AI from meeting's transcript and chat)

#### Action items and next steps

1. **Jess:** Provide an update to the Hard Fork Working Group Discord channel following todayâ€™s Release Meeting regarding the final decision on the v10.6 vs v10.7 path.
2. **Kevin:** Discuss the possibility of an "Omnibus" governance proposal with the Parameter Committee to potentially streamline the ratification process.
3. **Kevin:** Raise the issue of Prometheus metrics/documentation for SPOs at the next release meeting, as v10.7 may change how metrics are handled.
4. **Ryan W:** Finalize and share the Preliminary Hard Fork Timeline (Excalidraw/Sheet) with the group for further refinement once node readiness is confirmed.
5. **Bosko:** Formally signal to the community that since no feedback has been received, the group is proceeding with the current proposed scope.
6. **Kartik:** Post the anomalous ledger event logs in the Consensus Working Group Discord for deeper technical analysis by the node team.
7. Update the Hard Fork Readiness List to explicitly include Parameter Committee approval as a checklist item.
8. Assess the utility of Sanchonet for DApp and tooling integration testing to see if it remains a viable pre-release environment for future cycles
9. **Bosko:** Coordinate with IOE to reschedule the Hard Fork Working Group meeting to Wednesdays or Thursdays. This ensures the group has the latest data from the Tuesday Release Management meetings.

