# 16th December 2025

#### Agenda

1. [Proposed intra-era scope](https://intersectmbo.org/news/proposed-intra-era-hard-fork-to-protocol-version-11) and community feedback
2. Ratify proposed naming of the intra-era hard fork
3. [Readiness list](../intra-era-hard-fork-readiness/) and [Submission criteria](../../overview/hardfork-initation-submission-policy.md)
   1. [Draft: Update policy to include alternative node implementations and Midnight](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/hf-wg-documentation/pull/33)
4. Timings on testnet forks
5. Timing of Plutus cost model update after hard fork, considering other parameter changes around similar times
6. [Requests for next session agenda and the date of the next meeting](https://cardanoupgrades.docs.intersectmbo.org/proposed-intra-era-scope/hard-fork-working-group-meeting-minutes/13th-january-2026)
7. Dijkstra Era scope collecting

#### Key materials

* [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w1hDgIU8W2CJWq4_-m-N20dOIuVC8Jdu/view)
* [Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13bWId1x5RIxWBvG7UHIMEG3xjBUn79_c/view)
* [Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TpZCzN6dtF1cxYowuAH_bL0IZQdBQZZT-85VJLHPFRA/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Summary and action items](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TpZCzN6dtF1cxYowuAH_bL0IZQdBQZZT-85VJLHPFRA/edit?tab=t.7mxvlgq2ht69#heading=h.1s5150v1ynw3) (generated by AI from meeting's transcript and chat)

#### Action items and next steps

1. **Hard Fork Policy Update**: Ryan Williams' Pull Request to update the Hard Fork Initiation Submission Policy will be reviewed.
2. **Hard Fork Naming**: Voted proposal to name intra-era hard fork “van Rossem” (named after respected community member Max van Rossem who sadly passed away) will be forwarded to the Technical Steering Committee (TSC) for review and ratification.
3. **Stakeholder Communication**: Kevin Hammond to begin contacting relevant groups (e.g., exchanges, tooling) to make them aware of the pending hard fork and to encourage review of the submission policy and readiness list.
4. **Release Candidate & Testnet**: Jessica Gilbert to post an update on the release candidate and testnet planning in the hard fork working group channel following the release meeting.
5. **Plutus Parameters**: The Plutus team is required to present a cost model parameter proposal, with confirmed benchmarking results, to the Parameter Committee meeting scheduled for January 15, 2026.
6. **Dijkstra Scope Collection**: Ryan Williams is happy to create a 'wish list' repository or HackMD document to start collecting requests and suggested scope for the Dijkstra Era hard fork.
7. **Next Meeting**: The next Hard Fork Working Group meeting is scheduled for January 13, 2026.

