# 24th February 2026

#### Agenda

1. [Action items from the last call](https://cardanoupgrades.docs.intersectmbo.org/proposed-intra-era-scope/hard-fork-working-group-meeting-minutes/10th-february-2026-2#action-items-and-next-steps) - Bosko
2. SanchoNet update - Ryan Williams
3. [Haskell node](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases) - Jess
4. Hard Fork working group visibility
   1. Discord
   2. GitBook
   3. How do we make sure its widely communicated and is getting through to the community
5. Meeting cadence
6. Future era hard fork scope

#### Key materials

* [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YHqfY-7Bems3hZH7LSRLhCkE38Prq8_U/view?usp=sharing)
* [Chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hf_HX0mrNNK8-B3bEVC7-nakzICwrO7U/view?usp=sharing)
* [Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iBIVx-G-0OeK-iBHh8ja_zGIxqu8QBocw6bGpSYXhYU/edit?usp=sharing)
  * [Summary and action items](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iBIVx-G-0OeK-iBHh8ja_zGIxqu8QBocw6bGpSYXhYU/edit?tab=t.c0u8s87fle7x#heading=h.wrn6h6x4r1lm) (generated by AI from meeting's transcript and chat)
* Hard Fork Working Group communication channels
  * [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1136727663583698984/1242097284619960411) — `#wg-hard-fork`
  * [Weekly bulletins](https://x.com/IntersectMBO)

#### Action items and next steps

1. **Ryan Williams:** Resolve the Sanchonet script execution blockage by removing the guardrail script and re-applying the correct cost model.
2. **Jess:** Finalize the Node v10.7 integration, prioritizing the CLI and API layers, and provide an update after the next Release Meeting.
3. **Ryan Williams:** Draft the Weekly Bulletin (Thursday) including a technical warning to DApp/tooling providers about the PPViewHash changes and the requirement for public testnet signaling.
4. **Leonard Hegarty & Neil Burgess:** Coordinate with Intersect and the comms team to schedule X Spaces (AMAs) to provide community visibility into the hard fork progress.
5. **Ryan Wiley:** Continue developing the Short-listing Process Proof of Concept (PoC) for future era work items to ensure diverse node implementations stay aligned.
6. **Bosko:** Update the meeting cadence to weekly (Thursdays) starting next week to maintain momentum as integration nears completion.
7. **Ken-Erik Ølmheim:** Provide the biographical/background materials for Max van Rossem to be included in the formal hard fork rationale/metadata.

